# Alex Corsmeier

Alex Corsmeier is a web engineer living in Tampa, Florida which specializes in WordPress sites. If you need a custom website built for your business, you can trust Alex Corsmeier to get the job done for you exactly to your liking. Rates start at just $200 to get a site up and running for your business, artist page, portfolio, resume, or other needs.

Alex codes in javascript, PHP, HTML, and CSS. As a small business owner, Alex ran a web design firm with a partner from 2008-2010 called Designs Cincinnati. Since 2014 he's run his own network of websites, the biggest being xxxmultimedia.com which is an adult pay-per-view, membership, and pay-per-download system built on WooCommerce. He created both the membership and VOD system himself, which was a large and rewarding undertaking. He customized the different types of pages on the site: single post pages, category pages, model profiles, and other pages using PHP and available WordPress/WooCommerce hooks. Best practices are highly important to Alex, and each project is done with the most current coding practices in mind. He's been using WordPress to build sites for over 10 years and has worked with over 20 clients.

He sat side-by-side one of his clients to build MissGiaLove.com, a fetish model, and it was an amazing experience for them both. The model pointed to parts of her site that she wanted customized and Alex was able to do it on-the-fly. The whole session took less than 8 hours and by the end her whole site was live. Which included her entire catalog of products she had for sale at the time. He used a custom built software to import her products from another site using a web spider.

ClipNuke Server is an open-source project by Alex Corsmeier which uses ElectronJS, Node.js, ExpressJS, and WebDriverIO to create a browser automation platform for pornstars and producers. The ClipNuke.com platform allows users to automatically fill in web forms that was historically deemed tedious, and reuse the same form fields across a variety of different websites. It's a task automation suite basically. Additionally, sites can be added to the framework with ease, so any new sites that come along can be compatible with the system in the future. It's a revolutionary program which includes a REST API for programmers to write code to automate their tasks too. He gave the software to the community for free, and it's the first and only system of it's kind that's available anywhere on the internet.
